Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. Today. I'm talking
with Cindy Alvarez. She is
the author of lean customer
development building products. Your customers
will buy look at all
those stars you've got on
Amazon. This is doing really
well. Congratulations. Thank you. It's
good to be here today.
This is cool. So when
did the book come out?
A couple of years ago,
right? Yeah. Book came out
in July of 2014 And
it's over at O'Reilly and
I work on the Oz
con conference, but was, is
also O'Reilly but not related.
It's just a coincidence that
you're an O'Reilly author. And
I have a relationship with
a Riley just to put
that out front, but I
was recommended your book from
John Montgomery, our shared one of
our shared bosses up the,
up the chain there. So
I'm excited to, to chat
with you about this. So
let's kick it off. This.
John actually went and bought
like a ton of these
books and started passing it
around. So he is your
fan. The, the name lean
on the book cover is
big because lean is a,
is like a topic right
now. Like lean software lean.
I had Tom and Mary
poppin Dick, come on and
talk about lean processes. How
is this a buzzword? Is
this being used as a
buzz word or is this
mean something more than just
a buzz word? So yes
and no. The, the funny
thing is actually the reason
the title is lean customer
development is because the O'Reilly
series of books all started
with lean customer development is
one of the tenants of
Eric Reese's original lean startup
philosophy. There's no such thing
as non lean customer development.
I mean, I guess there
could be, but it's not
as though there was an
existing thing that this is
different from, but lean in
general is a sense of
not wanting to waste, to
wanting to learn as quickly
as possible. And some of
you may be familiar with,
you know, from the lean
startup book, the notion of
learn, measure, build. And so
the title, the subtitle of
the book really kind of
gets at that is we
don't want to be building
things that no one wants.
We don't want to build
things that people aren't going
to buy. We don't want
to build things that we're
going to get stuck supporting
for years that don't really
meet customer's needs. So in
that sense, lean is its
own kind of thing. And
I think the tenants that,
that make it not buzzwordy
are the notion that we
have to go in being
prepared to be wrong. And
that means we have hypotheses
and we, we work to
disprove them. And our goal
really is to disprove ourselves
as often as possible, which
is pretty uncomfortable. So one
of the things that you
said there was a hypothesis,
like having a hypothesis is
important. Like without one, it
can't be validated or invalidated.
Right? And I think a
lot of people believe that
they have a hypothesis because
how could you, how could
you build a product without
one, right? That's kind of
the starting point where I
usually come in and talk
to people and they say,
well, of course we have
a hypothesis. And I found
it's really interesting to have
people do a sticky note
exercise where you say, okay,
what is the measure of
success for this product? Like
this product will succeed if
it does X or what
will our customers find most
valuable about our product? And
when you do that, and
you have people who've been
working on a team together,
even co located for months,
they will write down different
things on that piece of
paper. And so there's always
these assumed hypotheses and on
a team of 10 people,
you probably have 10 different
hypotheses and, and no one
is actually actively trying to
disprove them because why would
we want to do that?
That's super uncomfortable. Wow. That
seems like, like, I believe
you. But at the same
time, I'm like, that's impossible.
Like how could we all
not be in the same
room or on the same
team or in the same
Slack and not be generally
marching in the same direction
or putting all, as they
say, putting all the wood
behind one arrow. You're saying
that unless we actually assert
those assumptions, we might all
be heading in slightly different
directions, generally the same direction,
but slightly different. Yeah. And
then there'll be slightly different
directions. There'll be things like,
for example, for any product,
there's several different customer types.
And one person might have
a belief that this customer
type is by far the
most important, and this customer
type is less important, but
still important. And these people
are maybe a future market,
but not that important. And
the person next to them
will put those weightings just
a little bit different. And
even if you're just off
by 5%, that might make
the difference between choosing to
invest in a feature that
isn't really gonna pay off
for you and your team,
because it's the least important
customers who benefit from it.
And it might even be
actively bad for your best
customers. And so kind of
constantly questioning that and having
people assert this is what
we believe. And this is
why saves a ton of
time later on You, you
said a couple of words
there though that were kind
of like subjective adjectives. Like
what are our best customers?
How do you measure something
like that? Sure. So we
all want jobs. So our
best customers are people who
use our products and pay
us for those products. So,
I mean, that's, that's basically
it. So in the case
of something like Yammer, which
is where until recently I
worked that's part of office
three 65. So we don't
have a standalone sort of
set of people purchasing this
and not other things. But
so we look at usage
for people who are selling
individual skews, it might be
usage. It might be downloads.
If you build apps for
the app store, it may
be in game purchases. Your
best customers are the people
who are buying 1200 polka
coins. You know, every week,
they're not the people who
have never spent money. And
those people are useful in
terms of spreading buzz. But
after a certain point, buzz
does not pay our salaries.
But it seems like if
you, if you look at
what people do on what,
like we just switched Snapchat,
just sold for like a
jillion dollars. Right. But no
one was paying them those.
So they're going, based on
the power of a ton
of people use us, which
I don't know if that's
power or not. That's just
the step one, get a
bunch of customers, step two
profit. Right. And that's a
bet that doesn't pay off
for very many companies. But
when it does, it pays
off tremendously. If you think
of Facebook initially, no one
was paying anyone for that.
Now they make a ton
of money on advertising, targeting,
possibly swung and election. Recently,
a lot of power came
out of that, but you
know, I've been in the
software industry long enough to
have seen a lot of
companies who did that will
build an audience and then
monetize it later somehow and
most of the March. Okay.
So that's a risky way
to do things. Ultimately people
do have to pay and
you have to optimize for
those. So you want to
make the, you want to
make the people you want
to make acquisition easy and
then, but still optimize for
those that are paying. Sure.
I would also say that
in the case of Snapchat,
they may be looking at
the type of audience they
have to. So the other
thing is not just that
in most cases you want
people to be paying, but
there's the saying that if
you're not paying for something,
you are the product. So
if the consumers of a
particular product are particularly valuable,
that's more likely to pay
off as well. And so
in that case, you might
be looking at the usage
of are these millennial teens
that we expect to have
a lot of buying power.
Soon in that case, they're
more attractive audience than maybe,
you know, lower income middle-aged
folks who are unlikely to,
to change their socioeconomic status.
I don't know. That's, that's
getting more into pricing and
economics than my normal forte,
but Sure, sure. But it
does like it, it's good
to put this in the
context, maybe not of pricing,
but rather a cust products
that we use. Like, I
know, I know a ton
of people that are excited
about Slack and use it,
but I don't know. I
don't know if I know
anyone, like, we all use
it for free. Like we
use the free one, you
know, like, I don't know
a lot of people throwing
money at Slack as an
example. So when you getting
this back to what we
w where it started, which
was best customers, right? How
do you measure that? And
then it also gets me
thinking about the best aren't
necessarily the loudest customers. Absolutely.
Yeah. I see a lot
of people chasing loud customers
Because they're right there. The
it's, it's so easy to
hear from vocal customers. And
sometimes they coincide with best.
Sometimes they coincide with the
people who are paying us
a lot of money, but
who may not actually be
that devoted to our product.
But what we want to
look at is are they,
are they the best in
terms of, as our market
grows, they're going to continue
to be with us. And
also are they representative? So,
you know, especially in the
startup world where I came
from, a lot of times
you get one blue chip
customer who was the kind
of person you'd be excited
to put the logo, their
company logo on your website.
Like, yes, we've made it.
We have, you know, whoever
it is, we have Nintendo,
we have fidelity, we have
America online. I kind of
dated myself there. But anyways,
you have one of those
customers. Who's paying you a
lot of money that everyone
has heard of. And it's,
it serves to legitimize your
business, but their needs may
be incredibly non-representative. And so
you want to build things
to make that customer happy,
which ends up making your
product much less good and
usable and compelling for other
audiences. And I've definitely been
at startups where we chased
that one customer who kept
wanting things that were uniquely
suited to their business, that
actually were detriments to other
people, adopting the product. Exactly.
I think that, that there
are, there are these charged
words, like best and right,
that can, can send one
in the wrong direction, especially
if you're a startup and
you, and you get like
the one customer, you end
up building the product for
them. And like internally, you
know, we do this thing
called dogfooding at Microsoft where
we'll go and like get
a customer that dog foods
or eats their own dog
food. And the next thing
you know, are you building
the.net framework or are you
building a really great runtime
for Xbox to use? Yes.
So what's what is best
and what is right. Can
make the door. You can
fool yourself into thinking that
you've validated your hypothesis, but
you really just found a
great customer. Who's excited about
your product, but that's not
the right thing for, for
real people. Now you're making
me worried about all of
my adjectives, like best and
real and right. Like I'm
having the same effect. And
it makes me laugh because,
you know, I have managed
researchers for the past few
years and I always caution
them about saying everyone or
all to be XR, sample
sizes are small. You cannot
say everyone is confused by
this because we know that
that can't possibly be true.
And it just gives people
an opening to like pick
at the rest of your
methodology. So it's many people
we keep talking to people
who say this, the softener
words actually are very useful,
but I think, you know,
that customer that's in front
of us, you know, I
kind of want to bring
it back to hypothesis, right?
If you look at the
rest of science, you can't
have a hypothesis and prove
it in one limited context
and declare it a success
that doesn't work for FDA
trials, it doesn't work for,
you know, creating a light
bulb or anything like that.
So it's where I keep
pulling it back to that
hypothesis. You know, you can
never prove a hypothesis. You
can elevate it to a
theory, but there's always a
chance that something will come
along. And so when we
put a product in front
of one customer, or even
several customers that are very
tightly United in terms of
their behavior, we can't necessarily
extrapolate that out to a
big market. And so that's
where we take that notion
of trying to disprove it.
So if we say, look,
X-Box loves this framework. It's
amazing. They're there, they're an,
obviously a really impressive customer.
We've got really smart people
using it. Let's keep doing
more of this. You know,
the lean methodology says, this
is where someone should say,
wait a second, we should
disprove this. We should find
other customers that are like,
X-Box to see if they
still like our product. We
should find customers who are
equally attractive in terms of
how much they could be
using the product and paying
us, but who are not
X-Box. And we should see
what they do. We should
see how they behave, because
it's possible that if we
took this framework that X-Box
is using and put it
in front of, you know,
an Nvidia or a, you
know, even a, you know,
a hedge fund trader or
someone like that, that they
would say, this is crap.
We're never going to use
this. And you know, a
business cannot sustain on that
one blue chip customer. So
then the, so then parsing
that this was good. This
is very helpful to me,
the parsing validate or invalidate,
is it a matter, like
you can invalidate a, a
hypothesis from a scientific perspective,
you can invalidate theories and
you can use those invalidations
as weapons to invalidate entire
products and say, well, we're
in completely the wrong direction.
Does that work in a
customer and product development fashion?
Can you say, Nope, we've
just invalidated everything like it
all stops now or does
it just mean, well, that's
just, that's not going to
work for those customers, Right?
I, I have never seen
it come to a full
stop in an enterprise and
it probably never will. I
have seen, for example, I
do a lot of startup
mentoring and I've seen startups
where they entirely pivoted because
they don't yet have products
for, and they went out
and they talked to 20
people who represented what they
thought was their best market
and said, man, none of
these people are going to
pay us for this. You
know, I just quit my
day job. I can't, I
can't pursue something that none
of my target customers want
or better yet. People who
say I'm not going to
quit my day job because
I don't think I have
anything here yet. So I've
definitely seen entire things pivot
or be scrapped based on
this methodology where when you
get into either at a
small existing company or, you
know, certainly in a Microsoft
sized company, you might invalidate
something. You might say, look,
the majority of developers today
are making these decisions. That
doesn't mean you can stop
developing something legacy. That's been
around for 10 or 20
years. Because even that diminishing
population is still paying you
money and still having value.
What it can do is
change the percentages of where
you're investing time. So back
to those vocal customers, if
they represent an edge case
of your future business, okay,
they're really loud. They're paying
us a lot, but we
think going forward, they're going
to be a diminishing part
of our market. In that
case, you might say, we're
going to invest 15% of
our time in the things
they want and put 85%
on newer things or, you
know, fill in your own
percentages, but it helps adjust
those percentages to where your
best opportunity cost is. So
how do you find a
balance between interviews, which often
get referred to as like
I've heard them term for
Betamax or anecdotes. Sometimes people
use those as data and
they imply like, this is
a fact we're like, no,
that's an interview. And that's
a thing someone said, how
do you balance that with,
with telemetry and then more
generalized customer feedback, which isn't
in a formal one-on-one interview.
Sure. So I treat interviews
as a risk reduction tool
initially. So what you're trying
to do is make sure
that we're not making any
obviously wrong mistakes. And because
we assume that we're not
going to make obviously wrong
mistakes, that sometimes that's tough
for people to get their
heads around. I say, well,
you know, we're smart people.
We're not going to make
these obvious mistakes. And rather
than try to argue that
point, I usually just have
people join me on a
customer call and ask them
to take notes. And then
at the end of it,
typically they say, Whoa, we
were really wrong about a
lot of things. So interviews
are a great way of
making sure that you're not
making big, obvious mistakes. It's
also a really good way
of looking at things that
telemetry will never be able
to answer for you, which
is essentially why, why did
someone do that? You can
make inferences based on data,
but they're often wrong. Whereas
if you watch someone do
something, set a configuration, automate
something, make a decision, and
you, you kind of asked
them questions around, how did
you make that decision? Or
how, how have you done
this in the past? You
realize that there's a lot
of why things that weren't
coming through. So you're never
going to get that out
of telemetry. And the other
thing is that the interviews
are often kind of these
canaries in a coal mine.
So a lot of times
when I've done interviews for
Yammer and past products, I
would hear things from customers
that were very surprising. And
I wanted to make sure
that I didn't just talk
to five weird people in
a row. And so that's
generally when I would look
to the data, either myself
or to a data analyst
and kind of say, we've
heard a lot of people
complaining about this area of
the product. Is there anything
that in our usage patterns
that suggests that this is
a big pattern, you know,
are people who use this
part of the product, less
likely to come back? Are
they less likely to post
on Yammer? And a lot
of times our data analysts
were able to run some
queries and say, you know,
yeah, there's some, there's some,
they're there. For example, people
who used Yammer and actually
rated it highly, they said,
we love this thing. We'd
ask them what was the
last thing you posted? And
they would say, Oh, I
don't post. I, you know,
I'm, I'm kind of reluctant
to post some people actually
use the word scared. And
when I brought that back
to the product team originally,
you know, there was almost
some derision like scared to
post that's ridiculous. And I
thought about this and I
thought, well, how can we
prove that this is true?
We, you know, seeing as
we can't look into people's
content and working with our
analytics, we found that posting
rates, the, the odds of
whether a single person was
likely to post or not,
we're incredibly higher in private
groups and incredibly higher in
small groups. And both of
those combined with some of
these verbatims made a really
strong case that, yeah, people
don't want to look stupid
and they're afraid that posting
is going to make them
look stupid because they don't
actually know who's going to
read it or how it's
going to be interpreted. And
so that actually led to
some changes in the product
to help make it feel
like a smaller, you know,
more team based kind of
product. I see. So someone
would, it's like, I, I'm
often afraid that I'm going
to send something to more
than a certain amount of
people. So I like it
when I, like, if I
put a bunch of distribution
lists or groups on outlook,
outlook as a little thing
that pops up that says,
you're about to send this
to 4,000 people by adding
up all of the different
people. Right. And I love
that. Yeah. That's a, that's
a great preventing you from
feeling stupid. Kind of a
kind of tool Also gets
to that point though, of
like you are, this is
a talk to everyone in
the company tool and people
are afraid to use it
because they don't want to
talk to everyone in the
company. Yeah. And because people
have seen words, twisted people
have seen casual, Oh, we
could probably do that in
two weeks being taken as
gospel. And then, you know,
when two weeks passes and
the thing isn't done, someone
gets yelled at because they
made an offhand comment and
that's more of a critique
of corporate culture than our
product. But you know, the
tour intertwined, of course, and
that's actually really common corporate
culture and where those products
are used are often intertwined
and social culture. And the
context where people use consumer
products are often intertwined and
those things don't make it
into customer feedback and they
don't make it into usability
tests often as well because
people are trained to think
that usability testing is about
the product and how well
I can use it. But
if the problem is that
this product is not what
all the cool kids are
using, you know, to go
to the Snapchat example, then
you're not going to hear
an email saying, I didn't
use this because my friends
aren't using it, but you
would in a conversation, here's
something like I have to
get an iPhone because all
of my friends are on
iMessage. And if I'm not
there, I won't get invited
to parties. That might be
a really big factor in
your product development processes. Oh,
people are making these decisions
based on their friends or
their spouse or what their
manager thinks is a good
use of their time. When
you, when people do these
interviews, I assume that there
are behaviors that they could
do that would invalidate the
interviews or kind of mess
up the interviews. Like just
like interviewing people for a
job is both an art
and a science and one
could invalidate the interview. They
can screw it up and
make and leave a person
unhappy. I assume that people
could also do an interview
with a customer and do
the product at disservice if
they exhibited certain behaviors during
that interview, is that correct?
That is correct. And I
think, you know, not to
pick on engineers, but I
feel like this is a
thing that happens frequently is
if your sense of the
world is to be a
problem solver and to look
to, to make things right.
Even with the best possible
intentions, you might try to
talk people out of their
feelings or attempt to find
a solution where someone was
not looking for it or,
or try and basically defend
your product. You built it.
And those are the only
times when I've really seen
interviews go badly, is you're
talking to someone they're opening
up to you. They're saying,
look, I just find this
really hard to use because
I try and do this.
And, and they get interrupted
with, wait, wait, wait. That's
not how you're supposed to
use it. Let me show
you how it should be
done. And that's, that's really
all that makes us feel
pretty awful. And or someone
might say, I really wish
your product did this. And
someone says, Oh, but it
does. Didn't you look under
this menu. Those things get
really bad. Or anytime someone
talks about a feeling asking
why, which is a great
question, but needs to be
softened. Just recently, I was
sharing some feedback about teams
back with Microsoft teams back
with the Amur team. And
I said that I did
something that made me feel
stupid. And one of my,
one of my ex coworkers
said, well, why did you
feel stupid? And I immediately
felt more stupid. I didn't
even really want to answer
him. And so you can
get in these negative feedback
loops. So there's this kind
of very much sense of,
of trying to be very
Zen about taking it all
in, not arguing with anything,
gently asking more questions. You
know, if that coworker had
said, wow, that's really interesting.
I'm just curious, Cindy, are,
can you tell me a
little bit more about why
you felt that way? I
wouldn't have had that same
immediate aversive reaction and it
can feel kind of fake
sometimes, which is why I
often suggest that people who
are trying to implement customer
interviewing start out as note
takers and with someone like
a user researcher doing the
interview, because those are people
who have been trained to
take a very neutral tactic.
Yeah. This is something I
think like one, one could
argue that an engineer or
myself or whoever, I'll just
throw myself under the bus,
you know, could, you know,
use that as an opportunity
to try to validate themselves,
make themselves feel better, make
them feel better about the
product that they just built.
Well, they're hearing, you know,
possibly negative feedback. If someone
wasn't successful using their product,
you know, that makes me
the interviewer feel bad, but
it's not about me. Like
this is an interview that
is literally in no way
about me. So you're asking
for them to be empathetic.
All you want is empathy.
Right? And I think a
lot of times what's helpful
is to have a little
bit of a training before
people jump into interviews where
we basically reinforce that and
say, you know what? You're
going to hear. Some people
complain about your product, which
you are proud of. And
the point is that you
want it to be better
than it is today. And
by listening to these people
and understanding their behaviors and
how they make decisions and
how they use our product,
we can figure out how
to make it better. So
it's, it's very much a
local Maxima problem. If we
don't listen to customer interviews,
we feel like we're at
the top of that peak.
But when we listen to
them and we kind of
see what the actual opportunities
are, we realize now this
is a local Maxima. It's
going to get worse. We're
going to have to go
through the period of hearing
how our baby is ugly,
but then it's going to
get much better. And I
find that even just reminding
people of that is a
really helpful way of helping
them go through an interview
and not feel terrible. Four,
if you don't mind for
people who may not speak
English as a first language,
or may not be familiar
with that term, could you
just very briefly talk about
what local Maxima and local
minima are in that context?
Sure. Ooh, let's see if
I can actually explain it
in a mathematical way. Cause
I probably, so there's a
sense of based on the
information, you know, today, that's
how you're evaluating your success.
And a local Maxima is
where as far as your
information is telling you today,
you're doing, you're doing well.
You're at the top of
your game. And you know,
you can't see me do
the little hand motion, but
you know, when, if you
see it graphed, you'll see
there's like a peak and
then a Valley and then
a higher peak. And once
you broaden your perspective, you
bring in more information. You
might notice that, Hey, you're
on top of a Hill,
but you're actually right next
to a mountain. And so,
but to get to the
top of that mountain, you're
first going to have to
descend the Hill and be
even lower. And you're going
to feel like you're losing
ground there, right? Because you're
at a higher altitude and
you came down and now
you have a lot more
climbing to do, but most
of us would rather scale
the big peak that's, you
know, that's why we do
what we do is we
build great things. And so
we have to have that,
you know, short term, short
term blow and short term
a drawback, Right? It's that,
that point of the limit
of the current design. But
if you make a big
change, you could potentially reach
a much higher Maxima and
mathematically an extreme. Yes. All
right. Cool. I appreciate that.
So in the, in the
book you cover all of
this stuff that we've talked
about, you talked about validating
and invalidating the hypothesis. You,
you actually go through play
by play, how to do
the customer interviews. So detailed
kind of like pragmatic advice
on what people can do.
It's only a couple of
years old, but I'm just
curious. Is there anything that
you would add in the,
in the three years since
the book came out or
any, any lessons that has
invalidated any aspect of the
book in your mind? There
is nothing that I would
say has been invalidated, but
there's probably another chapter that
could be added, which is
essentially the why you tried
this and it didn't work.
And I have actually given
that as a workshop a
few times, and you know,
to summarize briefly it's, if
you try this in a
place that is not willing
to accept the changes, it's
not entirely worth the effort.
So to practice lean in
general means letting go of
prod, you know, strict project
plans and deadlines and scope,
which were always kind of
a myth, but, but we
held to them, right? We
said, you know, we're going
to build these things in
this amount of time, we've
gotten burned down charts. We've
got estimates of how long
each thing will take. If
you are approaching a hypothesis
with the intent to prove
it wrong, you can't do
that because you might find
out in week one that
we were wrong about this.
We shouldn't build this feature
so we should build this
other thing instead. And that
thing will take longer. Or
the reverse occasionally say we
can cut scope, but you
know, obviously that happens less
often. So if you're in
an organization that's not willing
to give up the security
of those deadlines and that
knowledge that we've got a
marketing launch, we're going to
announce these features in three
months, you know, come hell
or high water. If your
org not going to give
any on that, then you
there's no sense doing this
because you will get interviews
and nothing will change. So
I would say, save your
breath in that case. The
other thing is that even
in an org, that's willing
to accept that chaos. What
I found happened with customer
development, with lean in general,
and I'm sure people have
seen with agile as well,
and pretty much any new
approach that's been tried is
that if you're evangelizing something,
you talk about the good
and you talk about what
we're going to get out
of this. And you do
a little bit of a
silver bullet. Everything will be
better once we do this,
which is never true to
start with, but it means
that even inadvertently people tend
to sweep objections under the
rug. So if I talk
about doing interviews and someone
on my team says, is
this really going to work?
The worst thing I could
do is start talking about,
of course, this is great.
This is all everything we're
going to learn. How could
you even ask that? Because
that's not going to convince
that skeptic. It's just going
to tell that person, okay,
I'm not going to be
honest around her anymore. I'm
just going to quietly grumble
and not really get with
the program. And maybe that
person will even undermine these
efforts because you know, they
weren't really listened to. And
so when teams start with
us, I always say, we
should start with where everyone
talks about why they think
this won't work, everyone getting
out on the table. You
know, it doesn't actually become
a negativity session because the
next thing you do is
say, okay, great, Scott, you're
telling me that this isn't
gonna work for this reason.
How could we prevent that
from happening? And a lot
of times people are able
to come up with that
on that solution, but they
haven't been given that kind
of olive branch to say,
you're right. There is a
concern here. We should address
it. And when you do
that and prepare the team,
we're going to do these
interviews. What do you see
as the risks? People will
say, what if you talk
to the wrong kind of
customer, okay, we're going to
address that by being very
clear about what customer segment
we're talking to. And then
if they're not promising, we'll
switch to another customer segment.
People say, we're going to
do this. And you know,
and the big boss is
just going to come in
and disagree at the last
minute. Well, let's find out
what is the big bosses,
appetite for change. So listening
to all of those objections
and kind of preemptive preempting
them, but not in a,
you know, be quiet kind
of way. But I tell
me more and then let's
fix it. Those are really
critical. If you've laid that
groundwork, then everything in the
book works reasonably well, if
you haven't, you're in for
a lot of frustration. So
I feel like if I
do a second version or
an agenda, it would be
to add that chapter about
getting yourself set up for
success. That was in those
Very cool. Well, folks can
visit you@cindyalvarez.com. They can learn
about your workshops. They can
read all of your past
blog posts and get a
link right there to pick
up the book, lean customer
development. Thanks so much for
chatting with me today. Thank
you. This has been another
episode of Hanselminutes and we'll
see you again next week.